docs(nuxt): Add "Troubleshoot Server-Side" (#11629)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/getting-started-config/javascript.nuxt.mdx

// ... rest of the file
```

#### Troubleshoot Server-Side

<Alert level="warning">
  In the beta state of the Nuxt SDK, some features may not work with certain deployment providers. Check the progress on GitHub: [Compatibility with different Deployment Platforms](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/issues/14029)
</Alert>

When adding `sentry.server.config.ts`, you might get an error like this:
`Failed to register ESM hook import-in-the-middle/hook.mjs`. You can add an override (npm/pnpm) or a resolution (yarn)

> for `@vercel/nft` to fix this. This will add the `hook.mjs` file to your build output
> ([Nitro issue here](https://github.com/unjs/nitro/issues/2703)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for `@vercel/nft` to fix this. This will add the `hook.mjs` file to your build output.
See the [underlying issue in the UnJS Nitro project](https://github.com/unjs/nitro/issues/2703).
```
